Thank you everyone. Thank you again for coming. Thank you everyone. Thank you.
Now we are again following the teachings of the Bodharsha Community.
The greatest teachings of the Bodharsha Community are a variety of teachings, African Enlightenment
.
From the age 35 to the age 82. And all those teachings are summarized in those nine vehicles.
And those are everything that leads to the Enlightenment.
There's no difference. Everyone brings a score on their goal or what they want to score.
In the context of love and kindness, compassion, joy and peace, happiness.
And today we are following one of the highest teachings.
That means the most direct teachings that will reverse our energy and nature.
In a short period of time, without too much difficulties,
we put the joy of effort, courage and commitment.
That's what's called the highest teachings. It's more direct teachings.
These teachings are known as the inner tantra teachings.
And these inner tantra teachings are that, in the time of the Guru Prabhupada Sama,
the great Master Shanti Deva, Shanda Rakita, and Kainthu Zoditti, were entirely these teachings.
And it is filled with teachings.
So many people are getting enlightenment, highest realization within their lifetime.
And that very teaching, that very practice we are following today,
there's nothing really changed, nothing alternative.
It didn't change by sentence, by sentence.
It just maintained the same flavor, same blessing, same energy, same power.
Same thing maintained.
Every individualist keeps up that with joy and devotion, courage and commitment.
That same teaching.
25 disciples reaching enlightenment within their lifetime, that same teaching.
And all those great thetums become great thetums.
Why they become great thetums? Because they practiced.
They activated their inner nature.
They overpowered duality conceptions.
Defeat the notion of the samsara and nirvana in mental one status.
There is no difference between death and birth.
Life is continuing.
The emanations are continuing to benefit all living beings.
And how that happens, as I said, because of the practice, because of meditation.
That same teaching, same practice, they continually maintain these great masters,
these great practitioners and share it to us.
So today we are following that very powerful, profound, direct teachings.
And for that reason, again, bring more joy and devotion.
There was all the tools to activating our realization.
Joy and appreciation, big grace force.
Being grateful to all the linear masters.
Being grateful for our situation and circumstances and what we have.
Toronto, happy with joy.
And combine that joy and appreciation with the bodhicata.
The vastness, motivation of the bodhicata.
Thinking all living beings, even every living being had the same calling
as the bodhicata, many of all those great masters, 25 disciples.
But yet, they didn't recognize it.
They completely, we all deluded.
We all mixed up there.
For that reason, great compassion.
Loving kindness, have great courage and commitment.
Determination that I like to have to all of them to reach, discover their innate natures.
And for that very reason, I'm going to practice.
I'm going to manage it.
I'm going to activate it.
I'm going to follow the path of exactly those great masters and become as they teach.
They are our role models.
So vastness, motivation of the bodhicata.
Have that thought again.
Just bring up that, even for a few moments in the teaching, it's so important.
At that moment, what we're doing, we're defeating the ego-clink, self-important attitude,
and all the emotions are completely kind of put on the side of the disorder.
And we're completely kind of authentic, divine qualities of our innate glory of God, natures.
That's wonderful.
That's beautiful.
With that thought, then we only understand.
In another teaching, explain everything is enlightened status.
Everything is enlightened status.
Nothing is not enlightened status.
But in Mahayana, Mahayoga teachings, or in other teachings,
three various things, various forms, various forms, and various minds.
Bring up those realizations.
Or even your time.
Every kind of leaning of that thought, towards that duration,
we're opening the window of the purity stage.
Not blocked by the duality, and the dark and hesitation, and kind of dilemma,
and the darkness corners.
We're lightening ourself.
Those are really important, according to you.
With that, then we follow those all known as pandekya practices, particularly,
in worldly citizen state.
And then we follow with this pandekya practice, according to hardness.
There's, as I said earlier, there's general pandekya practices,
and specifically, pandekya practices.
And so, we followed all of one another.
We went through this today.
So what we did, according to sadhana,